docs: add a Getting Started section to the README (#1007)
angular/flex-layout: README.md

# Angular Flex-Layout

[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40angular%2Fflex-layout.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/%40angular%2Fflex-layout)
[![Build status](https://circleci.com/gh/angular/flex-layout.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/angular/flex-layout)
[![Gitter](https://badges.gitter.im/angular/flex-layout.svg)](https://gitter.im/angular/flex-layout)

Angular Flex Layout provides a sophisticated layout API using Flexbox CSS + mediaQuery.
This module provides Angular developers with component layout features using a
custom Layout API, mediaQuery observables, and injected DOM flexbox-2016 CSS stylings.

The Flex Layout engine intelligently automates the process of applying appropriate
Flexbox CSS to browser view hierarchies. This automation also addresses many of the
complexities and workarounds encountered with the traditional, manual, CSS-only application of box CSS.

The **real** power of Flex Layout, however, is its **responsive** engine. The
[Responsive API](https://github.com/angular/flex-layout/wiki/Responsive-API) enables developers to easily specify
different layouts, sizing, visibilities for different viewport sizes and display devices.

---

> ### Getting started

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Getting Started
```

> Start by installing the Angular Flex Layout library from `npm`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Start by installing the Angular Layout library from `npm`
```

> `npm i -s @angular/flex-layout@latest @angular/cdk@latest`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`npm i @angular/flex-layout @angular/cdk`
```

> Next, you'll need to import the flex-layout module in your app's module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, you'll need to import the Layout module in your app's root module.
```

**app.module.ts**

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```ts
```

import { FlexLayoutModule } from '@angular/flex-layout';
...

@NgModule({
    ...
    imports: [ FlexLayoutModule ],
    ...
});
```

> After that is configured, you can use the attributes on your HTML tags for flex layout:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After that is configured, you can use the Angular Layout attributes in your HTML:
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```html
```

<div fxLayout="row" fxLayoutAlign="space-between">
</div>
```

> Check out [all the available options](https://github.com/angular/flex-layout/wiki/Declarative-API-Overview) for using layout in your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out [all of the available options](https://github.com/angular/flex-layout/wiki/Declarative-API-Overview) for using Angular Layout in your application.
```
